---
layout:     post
title:      This one wierd blogpost will not affect you in any way
date:       2014-12-08
summary:    A blog about a blog
comments:   true
categories:
---

### First thing's first...

My name is Craig Lonsdale and i'm a Software Engineer/Wanna-be Musician/Dad/All-Round rad guy, by trade.
I've recently started working at a Brand Leadership company called [Meerkats](ww.meerkats.com.au), what do I do there? I'm still not
absolutely sure. I'm hoping that half the fun of a new job is finding out what my place is and what i'm doing.
I primarily was a C#/C++ developer anhd i'm hoping this new role will expose me to a lot more of what is out there in terms of
frameworks and languages.

### So... there's that...
Like most people I'm not my job title, I have a whole slew of hobbies an interests and other responsibilities.
Firstly, I'm a Dad. I have two beautiful boys, Seth and Joash who are 4 and 1 respectively with another on the way, with all that you
would think there isn't much time for anything else. Eneter my slammin' wife Mikaila. She is as rad as a lass can get. She lets me
persue my other hobbies and is always encouraging.

"Other hobbies?" I hear you say. Here's the shortlist:
- I play in a local Ska-Punk band called Trip Hazard and the rude boys.
- I organize local punk shows.
- I also play at my local Church
- I like to garden.
- I like to code when I have a spare second.
- I love to game when there is nothing else to do.

So now i'm going to try and slide *BLOGGING* in to that list because I hear it's worth it and it doesn't take too long.

### This one wierd website...

Take it with a grain of salt, or hipster irony if you have too, I hate click-bait with a passion so what better name/theme for
my blog/website. I am hoping to post a whole bunch of random things here from my day/life, from short code snippets, to new dittys 
I write onmy melodica.

Hang around if you aren't too busy, but I probably won't notice either way.

Peace.

-Craig 